We met at a party when I was in the military.
I was on the dance floor, and I saw
Frenchy, and I was like, oh, I'm gonna talk to this girl right here.
The whole time we were just smiling at each other.
This instant attraction, it was mutual.
Gradually, we were living together
and a few months go by and things are going well
and then I find out I'm pregnant.
And he left.
I was shocked though I shouldn't have been,
but I was shocked.
And truthfully, I was scared like,
what am I gonna do now?
I felt like a failure,
and I kept asking myself, how did I let this happen?
I knew that I had to be there, and I wanted to be there.
I just didn't know how.
We prayed together for the first time
as a couple.
That was a Friday night.
Saturday morning, we had a knock on the door.
We decided to have a Bible study.
They had to study the chapter on family life and marriage.
At that moment, I knew that I wanted to have our relationship
be honorable before Jehovah.
You learned that Jehovah meant for marriage
just to be a permanent bond.
The insecurities of every disagreement,
ending in a breakup or divorce,
all of that went away.
We started to see Jehovah's training in practical ways.
Just learning how to be a husband
who respected and cared for his wife,
we became partners, a team, a compliment,
and that was only because Jehovah taught us how to do it.
Though it was difficult at the outset,
we made that decision to dedicate our life to do Jehovah's will.
We got baptized together.
We've been married 25 years,
and the insecurities are gone.
I focus on all the blessings that have come,
just for keeping Jehovah in our life,
and that's the best feeling in the world.
You can go go at it on your own,
but you'll never find the joy,
you'll never find the peace,
you'll never find the security that comes from doing it Jehovah's way.